Okay then, that's my shift!
[STAFF]
We'll see you next time.
Thanks again for coming
in on such short notice!
Oh, no prob!
[CHIE]
Listen, class!
Cooking can be
dangerous business,
and you could hurt yourself
if you're not careful!
Remember, you're in class.
This is part of your studies!
You must take it seriously!
[STUDENTS]
Yes, ma'am!
[KEIICHI] I've never
heard anybody get fired up
about curry like that.
Ms. Chie puts her heart and soul
into every batch she makes,
so if I were you,
I wouldn't blow this off.
It's a cooking
assignment for school.
Why would she expect more
than the bare minimum?
[RENA] You shouldn't say
stuff like that out loud!
It'll be really bad
if she hears you!
Quit being dramatic.
Curry is junk food,
no matter how much
care you put into it.
You can get it anywhere
and it always tastes‐‐
[CHIE giggles]
Right, time to get serious!
You see where this
is going, don't you?
The rest of you should
have figured it out, already!
Today's club activity
is a curry showdown!
I think that's a wonderful idea!
Although my year is doing
the assignment as a group,
so we'll just be
sending one delegate.
You better watch out,
'cause my curry is so tasty,
your brain won't
know how to handle it!
Damn, and I know Rika's
a pretty good cook, too.
Jeez, no fair, Satoko!
And I'm great
at making curry, too,
so you shouldn't
expect to beat me either!
All my opponents
are tough, except one!
Seriously?
Ugh, no way!
[MION]
Heh heh heh.
"No way Mion knows the
first thing about cooking!"
That's what you're
telling yourself, right?
[KEIICHI] Well, I'm not
gonna let you guys win!
I learned a thing or
two about cooking back
when I went camping
with my dad, so get ready!
This pot is boiling over,
so shouldn't you hurry up
and take off the lid?
[KEIICHI]
Nice try but I know better than
to take advice from you, Satoko.
No matter how much
your rice bubbles up
and tries to boil over,
you leave the lid
on till it's done!
[MION] Whoa.
Kei actually knows something!
[KEIICHI] That's right. Turn
tail and run, ya little goblin.
[SATOKO] Well, if that's
how we're doing this.
Goodness, I seem
to have lost my balance!
Ah!
Oh, deary me,
I guess this was open!
Ah. You ruined it!
What have you done to my curry?
Why is it this sweet?
[chortles]
Good luck fixing it
when it's that far along!
[KEIICHI]
My curry. It's gone.
Poor, pitiful Keiichi.
Shed a tear for poor,
pitiful Keiichi!
Darn you, Satoko!
Well, for what it's worth,
I'm impressed that you've
stayed upright this long.
[KEIICHI] Kind words won't
do me any good here.
I need some food in me soon.
[giggles]
They say hunger
is the best spice,
so at least dinner
should be extra yummy!
[MION] Well, I gotta
head off to work now,
so I'll see you
guys later, okay?
Hey, you.
[doorbell rings]
[KEIICHI]
The door is open.
Hello? Um, good evening.
Oh no. Are you okay?
Why are you on the floor?
[KEIICHI]
Thanks for the food.
It was awesome.
[MION splutters]
Oh right.
I was home alone
last night and starving.
Then Shion showed up
at my door all of a sudden
with a whole bunch of food.
She told me to
bring you the containers.
I cleaned 'em out for you.
[laughs]
That Shion, right?
She's such a thoughtful girl.
You certainly
are in high spirits.
It's easy to see, Miss Mion!
I think it's cute!
She's showing her softer side.
[SHION]
Look at these! They're so cute!
[KEIICHI]
This place.
[SHION]
Hey, Kei. If I asked you,
would you buy me a doll?
[KEIICHI]
Uh?
Yeah, why not?
Excuse me!
I was hoping I could buy
that doll in the window
with the pink dress.
[MION]
Yes, sir! Let me get‐‐
[KEIICHI]
Uh! Mion?
Wait, Kei?
And that's‐‐ What the
hell are you doing here?
Now, shall we move on, Kei?
Our date's not over just yet.
Hey, hold on a second.
[SHION]
My sister is hard at work.
She doesn't need us
interrupting her.
Sure.
How could you?
Why, Keiichi?
Awoo!
Look how many stalls there are!
Are we gonna find
something cute?
Are we?
[MION]
Hmm?
Something wrong?
[KEIICHI]
Oh, no.
First thing we gotta
do is go see Rika.
Satoko will probably be nearby.
Makes sense.
I only need you to
drive me to the festival.
You're not escorting me,
understood, Kasai?
[KASAI]
Yes, ma'am.
but I ask that you stay
aware of your surroundings
while you're out tonight.
And what exactly
am I looking out for?
Hinamizawa can be quite
a dangerous place
around this time of the year.
[SHION laughs]
So even the
Shotgun Dragon is afraid
of a sleepy little
mountain village.
[KASAI]
That village has a history.
Whatever demonic kidnappers
might haunt these hills,
I can hardly see what
they would want with me.
[KASAI] By the way,
how were you intending
to return home tonight, ma'am?
Right, that is a good question.
I guess there's no reason
I couldn't ask my sister
to let me stay the
night at the mansion.
Are you positive you want
to stay there tonight,
of all nights?
[SHION yawns]
Please wake me up when
we get to the festival.
There's a blanket in the
back that you're free to use,
if you would like.
However, we won't be
on the road much longer.
Then let me sleep!
[MION]
Hey. Where did Kei go?
Huh? He was with us
until a second ago.
Well, knowing Keiichi,
I'm guessing he and Shion
must have wandered
off somewhere together.
Huh? Yeah. Probably! Heh.
I hope he knows he's gonna miss
the beginning of Rika's dance.
[RENA]
Don't worry!
I'm sure he
would've found a spot
where he can see the stage!
[SATOKO]
Certainly.
[SATOKO] No doubt those two are
enjoying themselves right now.
[TOMITAKE]
It's open.
[TAKANO]
Thank you!
It's finally time.
So? You two are
accessories to the crime.
No reason not to take
a look now, is there?
Wha‐‐?! Hey, wait a minute.
We're just standing here!
That sounds interesting!
Kei, let's go.
♪
If what you're saying about
the Final Operation is true,
then we can't
afford to slow down!
We need to get out of here
before the Mountain Dogs
pick up our trail!
We just have
to get to the clinic.
We can take my car!
[TOMITAKE]
No, we can't!
They probably have
a tracker on it already.
Same goes for my bike.
I'm sorry to intrude,
but we need you for
a moment, Mr. Mayor.
[sighs]
This year too, huh?
And there goes my evening.
[OOISHI] I'm gonna need
to fill in some details,
so you'll be hearing
from me soon.
Well, would you look at that?
Mayor Kimiyoshi is here.
Detective. What are
we all doing out here?
I hope you're not
about to tell me
someone got demoned away.
Couldn't tell you for sure.
but that sure seems
to be a strong possibility.
What do we know, then?
[OOISHI] There was an
incident about half an hour ago.
Tomitake and Takano
ran out of the woods
and stole one of the mini trucks
that were parked in this lot.
Huh? They stole
one of our trucks?
[OOISHI]
Yep.
We've got plenty of eyewitnesses
to corroborate that part.
[VILLAGER F]
Hmm?
That's the nurse from
Doctor Irie's clinic.
[gasps]
Over here!
There's a key?
It's in the ignition!
Get in on the other side!
I'm gonna get us out of here!
Hold on, that's my truck!
Tomitake was that younger fella
who comes around
from Tokyo, wasn't he?
But why would he go
and steal a truck?
[OOISHI] Witnesses said they
seemed to be in a real hurry
to get wherever they were going.
Although, it could be
they were running scared.
They didn't even bother
tossing their belongings
in the bed before they took off.
They really didn't
wanna hang around.
Sounds like it.
So, then can you
think of anything
that would get
those two so spooked
that they'd steal a mini truck
and flee the village?
I've got no idea what
you're trying to get at,
but the way you're talking,
I'm guessing you
have some thoughts.
One or two.
Were they running from
the curse of Lord Oyashiro?
Is that some kinda joke?
[laughs]
Well, I'm glad
you caught it, Mayor!
We've got an officer
doing the rounds,
collecting witness statements,
and we've already picked up
a few interesting
tidbits here and there.
It would seem
before the incident,
our two truck thieves were
spotted hanging around
with a couple of characters
you might be familiar with.
As a matter of fact,
I was just about
to go talk with them.
That way maybe we can
figure out which thread to pull.
Huh?
Why'd you come?
I said I didn't need
an escort, Kasai.
[KASAI] I wanted to bring
you something, ma'am.
Then I'll leave immediately.
For protection.
I should warn you.
Be very careful with it.
It's stronger than
the off‐the‐shelf model.
So, I see.
[KASAI] Just brandishing it
at someone should be enough
to scare them off
and on the off chance
they keep coming after you,
they'll think twice
if you buzz it at them.
You were really worried
about me, weren't you?
Thank you, Kasai.
Of course.
[SHION] Although, honestly,
I can't imagine anyone
reaching me through
all this security.
[KASAI]
It won't hurt to have it.
Goodnight, ma'am.
It's been a long while,
Miss Shion Sonozaki.
I hope you can spare
a minute to talk with me.
And what is it that
has you out working
even at this late hour,
Uncle Ooishi?
[OOISHI laughs]
Funny enough, I've been
trying to get in touch
with you and your
friend Mr. Maebara!
[SHION]
Hmm?
You two were the last
people seen speaking
to Tomitake and Takano.
Huh?! The last?
[phone rings]
[KEIICHI]
Maebara residence.
Hello, Kei! This is Shion.
[KEIICHI]
Why're you calling me so late?
[SHION]
I was worried whether
my sister actually
bought your story.
[KEIICHI]
Well, she realized I was lying
when I told Rika I'd
been watching her dance,
but I think she
believed the rest.
[laughs]
What a good boy.
[KEIICHI]
Oh, shut up, Shion.
[SHION]
Also, um,
there was one more thing
I wanted to ask you about.
So, at the Watanagashi
festival tonight.
The four of us all went inside
that storehouse, didn't we?
[KEIICHI]
What's that supposed to mean?
[SHION] It means,
they may have been targeted
by Lord Oyashiro's curse.
[gasps]
[SHION]
And if that's what happened,
then you and I know why.
[KEIICHI] You dragged me
into that stupid storehouse
on the night of Watanagashi!
Now you call me in
the middle of the night
to tell me that
we're both screwed?
[SHION] I'm sorry. I never
expected it to happen this way.
[KEIICHI] You were the
one who made it happen!
So, what now?
Fix this!
‐‐[MION] Shion.
‐‐Huh?
[KEIICHI] You messed it up,
so you need to fix it, right?
Answer me!
Please wait a second, Mion!
[MION] Would you care to
explain exactly what's going on?
[SHION]
I will, I swear!
This isn't what it sounds like!
Has Kei been dragged
into Hinamizawa's mess?
Have you turned him into
a target for the curse?
That caring boy,
who's shown nothing but
kindness to everyone here.
Are you going to get him killed?
This conversation is
nowhere near over, Shion.
[SHION]
Stay back!
Please, stay back!
You provoked the wrath
of Lord Oyashiro,
and you turned Kei
into his target.
His life is in danger now
because of what you did.
Because of you.
Give him back.
Give Kei back to me.
I said stay away!
Who are they planning
to send after him?
Don't try to tell
me you don't know.
Did you hear anything
from Kasai?
Nothing.
[MION] Who in the
village gave the order?
I don't know!
Grandma did it, right?
Anytime that the
Three Houses take action,
she's always the one
pulling their strings.
[SHION]
I don't know!
How would I know anything
about any of that?
Mion, whatever
you're doing, please.
Please, stop!
[zap]
[MION] I told you,
we're not done talking yet.
Please, Mion. No.
I wish there was
something I could do
to avoid what comes next.
But this is the
way it has to be.
Our sick tradition
has been a stain
on the soul of
our village for too long.
As heir to the Sonozaki line,
I know the evil flowing through
the veins of Hinamizawa.
This is my duty.
I have to purge
all the bad blood.
[MION]
And then...
[MION] Then I'll be sure
that Kei is safe.
[MION]
I need your help, Shion.
Please tell me
you're on my side.
Tell me everything
you know, right now.
Huh?
[MION]
Shion?
Did I just?
I couldn't have.
I couldn't have really killed‐‐
[screams] Shion, I swear,
I didn't mean to!
[sobs]
It'll be okay.
I just have to keep going, now.
I have to protect Kei.
[MION] There's something
I need to ask you, Grandma.
[MION] I remember you
telling me that the curse
had nothing to do
with the Sonozaki family.
But this time,
I know you're going
to tell me the truth.
[RIKA] Next time:
"Wataakashi‐hen, Part 3."